conservative new media sports fans we've
got some news to pass along from the
world of boxing the man who recently
beat manny pacquiao via controversial
split decision Timothy Desert Storm
Bradley appears to be talking down Team
Pacquiao to the press will include two
links to articles about this story in
the video description below the video
player so you can check out the
information for yourself in an interview
with local newspaper the Desert Sun of
the Palm Springs California region
Bradley seemed to imply that the pac-man
and his team may be afraid of getting
back into the ring with the undefeated
Californian said Bradley quote to be
honest with you I think a lot of people
on that side are scared unquote Bradley
was referring to Pacquiao and his team
abs-cbn news of the Philippines picked
up the story they also said that
Pacquiao is still deciding who he will
fight in November of 2012 the choices
according to the abs-cbn piece or a
Bradley rematch a rematch with Miguel
Cotto or a fourth fight with mexican
juan manuel marquez some thoughts and
analysis on this story first in my
opinion I highly doubt that Manny
Pacquiao is afraid to fight Timothy
Bradley once again many people that
watched their first fight including
myself felt that pack easily beat the
undefeated American in that encounter on
the other hand the judges did not see
things that way and Pacquiao could be
concerned he would not get the benefit
of the doubt by the judges a second time
around second a rematch with either
Miguel Cotto or juan manuel marquez may
be more profitable for Manny Pacquiao
than fighting Timothy Bradley again both
Cotto and JMM are proven draws and team
pack could be leaving a lot of money on
the table if they decide to fight
Bradley once more third and finally we
should know
the ants are fairly soon about who
Pacquiao will fight in November with
just three months to go before
Pacquiao's play in November 10th fight
date final preparations and marketing
will have to begin shortly so stay tuned
now share your thoughts about this story
in the comments section below do you
think Manny Pacquiao is afraid to fight
Bradley again who want a key I'll
Bradley one in your mind who will pack
fight next you tell us below also please
vote this video thumbs up or thumbs down
and let us know what you thought about
it thanks finally we encourage you to
come and join the fun on the
conservative new media facebook group
the group has over 2,000 members and
counting you will find a link for the
group in the video description this is
Paula filler el4 conservative in the
media thanks very much for watching and
we will see you again soon